{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Consolas;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Light;\f5\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;
\f6\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f7\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red27\green31\blue34;\red255\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;\red83\green83\blue83;\red47\green47\blue49;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red43\green56\blue66;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red27\green29\blue31;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green0\blue255;\red235\green236\blue237;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c100000;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c14118\c16078\c18039;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c50000\c0;
\csgenericrgb\c50000\c0\c50000;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c100000;\cssrgb\c40000\c40000\c40000;\cssrgb\c24314\c24314\c25098;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;
\csgenericrgb\c16863\c21961\c25882;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgray\c100000;\cssrgb\c14118\c15294\c16078;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\csgenericrgb\c100000\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c0\c100000;\cssrgb\c93725\c94118\c94510;\csgray\c0;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12160\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs40 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
create a new repository on the command line\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs28 \cf3  \
\cf4   \cf5 git init\
  git add README.md\
  git commit -m "first commit"\
  git remote add origin https://github.com/rajkumar24u/DummyRepository.git\
  git push -u origin master\cf3 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs40 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 push an existing repository from the command line\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs28 \cf5   git remote add origin https://github.com/rajkumar24u/DummyRepository.git\
  git push -u origin master\cf3 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 	\
\
\
1. 
\fs36 \cf6 Init
\fs24 \cf0  \
		
\f3\fs28 \cf7 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Initializes a git repository \'96 creates the initial \'91.git\'92 directory in a new or in an existing project. Example: cd /home/user/my_new_git_folder/ git init. 
\f4\fs32 \cf8 \
\
2. \cf6 git status\
		 \cf8 As you write the screenplay, you will be changing the contents of the working directory. You can check the status of those changes with:\
\
3. \cf6 git add filename \
		\cf8 We can add a file to the staging area with:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f5\fs26 \cf9 \shad\shadx20\shady-20\shadr20\shado76 \shadc10 	   git add filename\
\
4. \cf6 git branch -d branchName\
		
\f3\fs32 \cf11 \shad0 To delete a local branch\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl345\partightenfactor0

\f6 \cf11 \
5. \cf6 git branch\cf11 \
		To get list of all branches\
\
6. \cf6 git branch name\cf11 \
		To create a new branch\
\cf9 7 
\f3\fs28  \cf6 \cb12 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \CocoaLigature0 git checkout branch_Name\cf9 \
		Switch to another branch\

\f6\fs32 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\CocoaLigature1 8. 
\f3\fs28 \cf6 \cb12 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \CocoaLigature0 git checkout -f master\cf9 \
		Switch to another branch forcefully. 
\b \cf13 \cb14 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\CocoaLigature1 Warning: This will delete the local files that are not indexed.
\f6\b0 \cf11 \cb2 \

\fs32 9. \cf6 git clone\cf11 \
		
\f3\fs28 \cf7 Makes a Git repository copy from a remote source. Also adds the original   location as a remote so you can fetch from it again and push to it if you have permissions. Example: git clone git@github.com:user/test.git\
\
\cf15 Change URL\cf7 \
\cf9 10.\cf7  
\f2\fs26 \cf6 git remote set-url origin https://github.com/rajkumar24u/ScrollViewDummy.git\cf13  
\f6\fs32 \cf11 \
	\cf9 	
\f3\fs30 This will set the remote name to origin with the GitHub username of user.\
\
11. \cf6 git commit\cf13  puts your changes into your local repo, while git push sends your changes to the remote location.\
\
12. 
\f6\fs36 \cf6 git pull \
		
\f1\fs28 \cf16 Fetch and merge changes on the remote server to your working directory\
\
13. \cf6 git merging two branches\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs26 \cf17 git checkout master\
git pull origin master\
git merge test\
git push origin master\
\
\cf9 Change User with name and emails\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf13 \cb18 $ git config --global user.name "Bob"\
$ git config --global user.email "bob@example.com"\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \cb2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl640\sa220\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf9 To get git Directory URL\
14.\cf6  
\f2 git config --get remote.origin.url
\fs26 \cf13 \
\cf9 15.\cf17  conflict to branches or push from another user.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f7\fs28 \cf19 \cb12 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \CocoaLigature0 git remote add origin https://github.com/rajkumar24u/DummyRepository\
git branch faster\
git commit -m "fist commit by sunarc"\
git checkout -b faster origin/remote_branch
\f2 \cf17 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\CocoaLigature1 \

\f7 \cf19 \cb12 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \CocoaLigature0 git push -u origin faster\

\fs22 \
16. \cf17 To Check login user name and emailId\cf19 \
\
\cf6 	git config user.name\
	git config user.email\
	git config \'97list (\cf9 Another way to show Git username or user related information\cf6 )\
\cf19    
\f2\fs26 \cf17 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\CocoaLigature1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf13 17. git push -f origin master (\cf17 Force to commit\cf13 )\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl345\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs30 \cf13 \
18. Git push with different user \
\
	
\f2\fs26 \cf6 git remote set-url origin 
\f7 \cb12 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \CocoaLigature0 https://github.com/rajkumar/GitConflict.git
\f2 \cf13 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\CocoaLigature1  
\f6\fs32 \cf11 \
	\cf9 	
\f3\fs30 This will set the remote name to origin with the GitHub username of username.\
	\cf6 git init\
	git add folder reference\
	git commit -m \'93first commit by second user\'94\
	git remote add origin \cb12 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \CocoaLigature0 https://github.com/rajkumar/GitConflict.git\
	git push -u origin laster (branch_name)\
	git push -f origin laster (forcefully push)\cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\CocoaLigature1 \
\cf13 \
}